The dog items that were brought here are almost painted here?
Leave this thing alone, even I am willing to do it!
You can touch my people on the street
I can't touch your people
Look at that room.
My bear sister and Zizi
Following everything is a harmonious person
Mr. Xiong’s reality is that of Tianhai and Hongdi is the rider.
Men often marry women
What's wrong with Mr. Xiong?
hear what they say
What did you do
Die like this with me
You really heard that your heart just died
You and Axiong
Why are you tearing me apart?
Listen clearly today
Are you rich and busy?
You don't even have a backstage
you mean
No one keeps the dead, treats them as dead and has no one
No one, no one keeps anything
This guy is also you
They will all die
not your person
Can you marry me for me?
You are completely but not mine
but it's totally me
Everyone’s noble brother
Today I will let him go and let him die.